Last Night is the fourth of the content packs, having the same requirements as the previous one. In this mode, your goal is to deal as much damage to a single boss as possible. Your team consists of 20 costumes (not companions!) in a specific order set by you, and you have only one turn.
Aside from that, buffs you receive are halved, as you can see here [video?], and the boss effectively has only one tile. 
With all that in mind, the general strategy for Last Night is getting 7-8 buffers (both magical and physical), then using 5-7 high chainers and finishing your team with DPS to deal massive damage.
Aside from this, any costumes you don’t use also take part in your battle — but in a form of support bonus. Bonus is counted separately for each unused costume and then added together. To increase bonus, you can upgrade characters in every way possible: gearing them up, leveling up, awakening etc. You should aim for at least 4% bonus per costume.
Your main goal should be achieving 110 million — then you’ll receive 5 Ancient crystals and 5 Awakening Elixir daily with some gold as bonus — very useful items for your progress.
As for crucial costumes which are good in this mode — Onsen Liberta, Pure White Blessing Refithea from buffers, Promise of Vengeance Lathel, New Hire Nebris as DPS.
Last Night is also a good way to show your costumes for team help. Despite lacking information about awakening and potential liberation, it’s still a good way to compactly show your costumes, which often matters above rest when giving advice. To do that, head to the Last Night battle area, hit Replace -> Reset -> Confirm buttons, then sort by Deployed First and you’re good to screenshot your collection.  
