This pack has the same requirements to be unlocked as Mirror Wars pack — clearing Normal Difficulty of Story Pack 3. It introduces you a way to gain three very essential resources on a daily basis — gold, slimes and property crystals. 
Gold is obtained via Goblin Ruins, Slimes via Slime Empire, and Crystals through Magic Crystal Caves. 
Each of the trials has three difficulties (so basically the same as Story Packs), giving more items for higher difficulty completed. 
To complete the difficulty, you need to win 5 regular battles and 1 boss one. After completion, you’re able to enable quick hunt to complete battles on the same difficulty instantly! To do that, just go to the quick hunt menu near the map and pick the desired trial with difficulty. (Note that you cannot do quick hunt from Glupy Diner and Path of Adventure packs)
However, you have limited attempts per day, so you can’t just farm indefinitely. For Goblin Ruins and Slime Empire, you are sharing those 60 Cooked Rice with Hunting Grounds per day, and for Magic Crystals Cave, you’re getting 60 Torches daily for your trouble as well. These do not stack each day so make sure to use them all each day! 
You are sometimes given extra rice and torches in some events. These are so-called “paid” versions of these items and will NOT be counted towards those daily 60, so you can save them as much as you need! To use them, just uncheck “Use Free Cooked Rice/Torches” buttons” when you do a quick hunt.
Aside from what I said earlier, there are also bonus days. They additionally increase gain of Gold, Slimes or both at the same time from Ruins and Empire respectively. As a new player, you should not waste this bonus and do Gold when only Gold gain is buffed and Slimes when only Slimes gain is buffed. 
Usually, your daily routine is one fight in Hunting Grounds (costing you 6 rice) to complete daily mission) 9 fights in Goblin Ruins or Slime Empire, and 10 fights in Caves for needed Crystals.
